[Applause]
[Music]
The Buddha is the shining sun that
dispels the dark night,
dispelling the suffering of our views. The Buddha is
[Music] so wise,
encompassing all three realms. The Buddha, in his wisdom,
wants
to say, who can save humanity but the
Buddha?
Humanity is sinking in
darkness, ignorance, and
suffering. The Buddha brings the Dharma to dispel
delusion, bringing brightness to all
beings. We rejoice, all beings pray, the
Buddha saves the world.
[Music]
[Music] The
Buddha is the shining sun,
[Music] shining and dispelling the
dark night, dispelling the
suffering of our views. The Buddha is the shining sun,
his wisdom encompassing all three
realms. The Buddha, in his wisdom, wants to
say, who can save humanity but the Buddha?
Humanity is sinking in darkness, ignorance, and
suffering. The Buddha brings the Dharma to dispel
delusion, bringing brightness to all
beings. We are grateful, all beings pray, the
Buddha saves the
world. Humanity is sinking in
darkness, ignorance, and suffering.  The
Buddha's suffering and the struggle to dispel delusion are all gone. The
bright April month brings
joy to all beings. We all pray for the
Buddha to save the
world. We all pray for the Buddha to save all beings.
[Applause]
[Music] [Music]
[Music]